CoursesE-BooksFree SamplesBlogContactLoginCoursesE-BooksFree SamplesBlogContactLoginIm a student.I work in a bank.Im unemployed at the moment.I run my own business.
The word run means you are the primary person responsible for operating the business.Im retired now. I used to be an engineer.
Retired means you have stopped working (usually after you are 60 or 65 years old).Yes, Ive been married for two years now.Im divorced.Im engaged  were getting married next year.No, but Im in a relationship.Nope, Im single.
Nope is an informal way to say No.For work.So I can communicate when I travel.I love learning new languages.Because Id like to immigrate to the U.S.Im thinking of studying in England.
The correct way is thinking of studying and not thinking to study.I took classes for three years.I did an intensive course.Ive been studying on my own.
You can also say studying by myself.I picked it up from movies and songs.
In this context, picked it up means learned it casually.My girlfriend taught me.I dont have any free time!I usually hang out with friends.
Hang out means to spend time in an informal way.I go running a lot.I do volunteer work.I like reading and relaxing at home.Hot and humid.
Humid means there is a lot of water vapor in the air.Its pouring  take an umbrella.
Pouring means raining very heavily.A little chilly  you might wanna bring a jacket.
Chilly means a little bit cold.Gorgeous  a perfect summer day!Its quite cold  make sure to bundle up.
Bundle up means to wear warm clothing for protection against the cold.Its ten oclock.Its half past four.
This means 4:30Its a quarter to twelve.
A quarter is 15 minutes  so this means 11:45Let me check my phone.Sorry, I dont know.No thanks, Im just browsing.
Browsing means looking casually at the items.Yes  do you have this in a larger size?Yes  where are the try-on rooms?
Try-on rooms means the place where you can put on the clothes to see if they are the right size and if you like them.Yeah, can you tell me how much this is?Yeah, Im looking for something under $30.Great! Couldnt be better!
This means that everything is excellent.Fine. How are things with you?Not bad.
This means that things are OK.I cant complain.Do you really wanna know?
Normally when people ask hows it going? they expect a positive response like fine or good. If you say Do you really wanna know? it means that things are going badly, but you are not sure if the other person wants to listen to your problems or not.Great! Never better.Im all right.Like I need a vacation.A little depressed.Really awful.
You can say youre feeling awful for both physical and emotional pain.Really good!Pretty uneventful.
This means that nothing particularly special or interesting happened during the day.Very productive.Super busy.A total nightmare.
A nightmare is a terrible, scary dream. Describing an experience as a nightmare means it was horrible.It was fantastic.It was terrible.It wasnt bad.Its one of the best Ive ever seen.No, I didnt think it lived up to the hype.
This means the movie was not as good as its publicity presented.Crazy  it was absolutely packed.
Packed means it was crowded; there were very many people there.It was a good time.Small, but fun.There was hardly anybody there.Boring  I couldnt wait to get outta there.Of course!Id be glad to.Will it take long?Sure  just a sec.
This means just a second  you need the other person to wait one moment before you can help them.Sorry  Im a bit busy at the moment.Ive been working a lot.Mostly studying.Ive been taking it easy.
This means relaxing, not doing anything intense or stressful.Planning my summer vacation.Nothing much.Oh, Im just having a rough day.
A rough day means a difficult, bad day.Im not feeling so good.I just found out my mothers in the hospital.
The phrasal verb found out means discovered or heard some new information.Id rather not talk about it.
This means Id prefer not to talk about it.Nothing, Im fine.Iced tea, please.Just water for me.What do you have?Could we see the wine list?Nothing for me, thanks.Not quite  I think we need a little more time.What are the specials today?
Specials are featured dishes that might also have a discount.Yes, Ill have a Caesar salad and then the baked chicken with potatoes.
The most common way to order food is to say Ill haveUh-huh. To start off, well split an order of nachos.
To start off means you are ordering an appetizer (small amount of food eaten before the main meal). Split means that two or more people will share/divide one order of food.Almost  I just have a couple of questions.Yes, everythings fine, thanks.Its all delicious!Could we have some more water, please?
Could we have is a polite way to ask for something.Actually, Im still waiting for my side dish.
A side dish is a small portion of food that accompanies the main meal.To be honest, my food is kinda cold. Could you heat it up?
To be honest is a diplomatic way to introduce a complaint or negative comment.Two decaf coffees, please.
Decaf coffee is coffee with no caffeine.Just the check, please.
The check is the list of items and the total price to pay.Could I have a look at the dessert menu?Ill have a slice of apple pie.
A slice is a single piece of a pie, cake, or pizza.No thanks  I think were just about done.